.TH CENTIPEDE 6 8/5/85
.SH NAME
centipede - The insect shooting game
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B "68ld cent.jerq.m
or
.br
.B "32ld cent.dmd.m"
.SH "OBJECT OF GAME"
Score as many points as possible by defeating the objects that
appear on the screen.
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
.B centipede
is a game designed to run in a layer on either the blit or the
5620 Dot Mapped
Display terminal. It makes use of the mouse connected to these
terminals to control the player's icon and to shoot at
other objects that appear on the screen.
.PP
The program is downloaded to the terminal using 68ld for the blit
or 32ld for the 5620. The screen should then say:
.ce 2
C E N T I P E D E
Hit any key to start.
When you hit a key, you will then have control of a icon looking
a little like a flatworm that appears on the screen.
The icon is moved by moving the mouse. The
middle button is used to shoot a missile upwards. Only one missile
may be on the screen at a time. The middle button may be held down
to shoot the missile as quickly as possible.
.PP
The game may be stopped at any time by typing 'q'. Also the left and
right buttons on the mouse behave as they normally do and may be
used to select other layers, create new layers, etc.
.PP
In general, your icon may not bump into anything that is
moving on the screen without being killed. You are given three men
at the beginning of every game with an extra man awarded every 12000
points.
.PP
The following are some of the objects that appear during the course
of the game:
.TP 24
\fBmushrooms\fR	(value: 1 point)
It takes four shots to kill a mushroom. Mushrooms merely deflect the
centipede.
.TP 24
\fBcentipede\fR	(value: 10 points per segment (100 points for head))
The centipede winds down the screen by changing direction whenever
it hits a mushroom or the edge of the screen. Any segment of the
centipede you shoot will turn into a mushroom and may cause the
centipede to split into two smaller centipedes.
.TP 24
\fBspider\fR	(value: 300, 600 or 900 points)
The spider bounces around and takes away any mushrooms it hits. The
closer you are to it when you kill it, the more points you get.
.TP 24
\fBslug\fR	(value: 200 points)
The slug, also known as the flea, will come down and drop new
mushrooms if there are too few on the bottom of the screen. You must
shoot the slug twice to kill it.
.TP 24
\fBscorpion\fR	(value: 1000)
After a while the scorpion will zip across the screen and turn any
mushrooms it hits into smiley faces. When ever a centipede segment
hits a smiley faced mushroom it will plummet directly to the bottom
of the screen.
.SH AUTHOR
Pat Autilio (phoenix!autilio) (LZ 3F310, 576-3547)
.SH BUGS
Please let me know of any you find.
